connect: test with host match (#13630)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/arch_overview/http/upgrades.rst

While for HTTP/2, CONNECT request may have a path, in general and for HTTP/1.1 CONNECT requests do
not have a path, and can only be matched using a

> :ref:`connect_matcher <envoy_v3_api_msg_config.route.v3.RouteMatch.ConnectMatcher>`. Please also note
> that if doing non-wildcard domain matching for CONNECT requests, the domain to match on may need to
> include the port (e.g. "hostname:port") to successfully match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`connect_matcher <envoy_v3_api_msg_config.route.v3.RouteMatch.ConnectMatcher>`. Please also note
that when doing non-wildcard domain matching for CONNECT requests, the CONNECT target is matched against rather than the Host/Authority header.  You may need to include the port (e.g. "hostname:port") to successfully match.
```
